Data Aggregator - Added troubleshooting page (#2337)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Modules/Data_Aggregator/Data_Aggregator_troubleshooting.md

---
uid: Data_Aggregator_troubleshooting
---

# Troubleshooting

> Check DataAggregator Log Files for Errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the DataAggregator Log Files for Errors
```

> Ensure to inspect the DataAggregator log files for any potential errors. By default, the log file for Data Aggregator is located in: `C:\ProgramData\Skyline Communications\DataMiner DataAggregator\Logs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure to inspect the DataAggregator log files for any potential errors. By default, the log file for the Data Aggregator is located in `C:\ProgramData\Skyline Communications\DataMiner DataAggregator\Logs`.
```

## The DataMiner DataAggregator process is not starting up

> When encountering issues with the DataMiner DataAggregator process failing to start, one common reason is an invalid JSON format within the settings. This is often reflected in an event logged in the `Event Viewer`.

Reviewer: Could write a bit more concisely:
```suggestion
When the DataMiner DataAggregator service fails to start, a common reason is invalid JSON syntax in the settings configuration. In that case, an event will be logged in the `Event Viewer`.
```
Maybe also mention the path or file name of the settings?

> 1. Navigate to Event Viewer: Open the `Event Viewer` and search for errors registered by the `DataMiner DataAggregator.exe` application. The event's content will provide detailed information about the encountered issue.

Reviewer: Should be split up in separate steps?
- Navigate to Event Viewer
- Open Event Viewer
- Search for errors
- Check the event content

Author: Not sure if we further need to split this up, some things are really obvious?
